Change ABI suffix to Trait in dual case account and eth account traits (#1096)
OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Changed (Breaking)

> - Changed ABI suffix to Trait in dual case account and eth account traits (#1096).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed ABI suffix to Trait in dual case account and eth account modules (#1096).
  - `DualCaseAccountABI` renamed to `DualCaseAccountTrait`
  - `DualCaseEthAccountABI` renamed to `DualCaseEthAccountTrait`
```

Reviewer: These makes the changes easier to follow.

### Changed (Breaking)

- Migrated to the `2023_11` edition (#995):

> 

Author: It was my IDE that formatted this automatically. Just fixed it.
